it was the third time in less than 24
hours that the United Nations Secretary
General called for a ceasefire in Gaza
but this time it wasn't just the leaders
of Israel and Hamas he appealed to I
appeal to all those with influence over
Israel to do everything in their power
to help avert even more
tragedy the International Community has
a shared responsibility to promote a
humanitarian Seas fire the unconditional
release of the all hostages and the
massive surge in life-saving eight in
the security Council chamber behind him
members gathered later to discuss the
situation in a closed meeting while un
humanitarians warned they are about to
run out of fuel which is essential to
make and deliver food and more without
fuel tomorrow the main water production
will be shut down in the north uh
depriving the entire population of
access to uh to drinking water
um and the same will be in another day
for the entire South operation in the
South and in the middle governorates
which will be impacting 1.9 million
people the security Council discussed
the situation behind closed doors but
took no
action whether Palestinians in Rafa flee
or stay put the United Nations says
Israel has a responsibility to protect
civilians and with three quars of Gaza
under an evacuation order they warn
there is no place safe for them to go
Christen salumi Al jazer the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer